📝 Add the Send- and ReceiveTask Documentation (#16)
atlas-engine/ContributionGuidelines: docs/getting_started/bpmn_elements/send_and_receive_task.md

# Send- and Receive- Task

> A SendTask is a task, which sends a message before it gets executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Send Task is a task, which sends a message before it gets executed.
```

> A Send Task is a task, which sends a message before it gets executed.

Reviewer 2: Nope.
Das Verschicken der Message ist exakt der Zweck eines Send Tasks, keine Vorbedingung.

```suggestion
A Send Task is used for sending messages to other Processes.
```

> The counterpart is the ReceiveTask which waits until a given message arrives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The counterpart is the Receive Task which waits until a given message arrives
```

> before the actual task execution starts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Process waiting for the Message can use a Receive Task to wait for the message.

The main difference betweend The Send- and Receive- Task pattern and Message Events is that a Send Task will wait for a Receive Task to acknowledge receiving the message, before it continues.
```

![send_receive_task](images/send_receive_task/send_receive_task.svg)

Each Send- and Receive Task has the following properties:

> - `ID`: A unique identifier which identifies the task inside the process model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ID`: A unique identifier which identifies the task inside the process model.
```

- `Name`: A descriptive name which can be used to indicate the purpose of the
  tasks.

> - `Message`: The message, which should be send or awaited.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Message`: The message to send or wait for
```

> For example a Send- and Receive Task to indicate, when a Task started or to react

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example a Send- and Receive Task is used to indicate, when a Task started or to react
```

> to a thrown message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use these Tasks when you send sensitive information to another process and you need an insurance that the message you send was actually received.
```

![send_receive_task_example](images/send_receive_task/send_receive_task_example.svg)

As you can see in this example, the _Close the Door_ Task waits, until a message

> _door opened_ message arrives. This message is send by the send task named _open the door_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see in this example, the _Close the Door_ Task waits, until a _door opened_ message is received.
This message is send by the send task named _open the door_.
```

> ![send_receive_task_example](images/send_receive_task/send_receive_task_example.svg)

Reviewer 2: Das Beispiel ist schon sehr viel besser. :+1: 

Ich würde das jedoch auf 2 Prozesse aufteilen und dann Send- und Receive Task über Message Flows verbinden (hin und zurück).

Das entspricht eher dem, wie Send- und Receive Task eingesetzt werden, nämlich zur Kommunikation 2er separater Prozesse.
Auch würd ich den Customer Teil nach oben setzen, da die Prozesskette mit diesem anfängt.

> _door opened_ message is received. This message is send by the send task named _open the door_.

Reviewer 2: Hier sollte eher ein Beispiel mit mehr Gravitas rein, damit deutlich wird, für was man sowas hier benutzen kann.

Vllt. sowas wie "Ein Klient schickt eine Nachricht an seinen Anwalt". Oder etwas vergleichbares, wo Empfangsbestätigungen unerlässlich sind.

> When the payment has been made and the company has confirmed the payment, the `Send payment confirmation` Send Task sends the `payment confirmed` message which also finishs the `Receive payment confirmation` Receive Taks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, we have a customer who pays an invoice. After that, a `Receive Task` is started that waits for a payment confirmation message.

The company now receives the payment and acknowledges it with the `Send Task`.

The Send Task then waits for the customers `Receive Task` to acknowledge receiving the confirmation. Then both tasks finish.
```

# Send- and Receive- Task

> Send- and Receive Tasks are use for interprocess-communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send- and Receive Tasks are used for interprocess communication.
```

> Process Instance A can _send_ a message to Process Instance B by use of a Send Task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Process Instance A can _send_ a message to Process Instance B using a Send Task.
```

Process Instance B has to _receive_ the message with a Receive Task.

![send_receive_task](images/send_receive_task/send_receive_task.svg)

Each Send- and Receive Task has the following properties:
- `ID`: A unique identifier which identifies the task inside the process model.
- `Name`: A descriptive name which can be used to indicate the purpose of the
  tasks.
- `Message`: The message to send/wait for

## How it works

The main difference between the Send- & Receive Task pattern and Message Events,

> is that a Send Task will wait for a Receive Task to acknowledge receiving the mesage, before it continues execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is that a Send Task will wait for a Receive Task to acknowledge receiving the message, before it continues execution.
```

> Message Throw Events, on the other hand, will just 'fire and forget'; the send a message once and move on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Message Throw Events, on the other hand, will just 'fire and forget'; they send a message once and move on.
```

To avoid such situations, the Send Task uses a configurable `retry` mechanism.
It will continue sending its message in periodic intervals, until a response from a Receive Task is received.

By default, the Send Tasks will continue to retry sending the message indefinetly every 500ms.

You can reconfigure this behavior, by setting the following properties:
- `maxRetries`: The maximum number of retries. Defaults to `unlimited`
- `retryIntervalInMs`: The time in miliseconds between retries. Defaults to 500

See this extended configuration example for a Send Task:

![send_task_extended](images/send_receive_task/send_task_configuration_extended.png)

## Example

![send_receive_task_example](images/send_receive_task/send_receive_task_example.svg)

In this example, we have a customer who pays an invoice. After that, a `Receive Task` is started that waits for a payment confirmation message.

> When the company receives the payment, it sends a confirmation message by use of the `Send Task`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the company receives the payment, it sends a confirmation message using the `Send Task`.
```
